#labels Featured
Oversight grew out a requirement to easily find new stuff that had downloaded to my NMT.
It didn't really start off with the intention of being a graphical jukebox. It was just a way to quickly find any new media on the NMT.

The NMT platform has a built in usenet client (nzbget) for which I wrote a post-processing script to automatically move and rename things in a tidy way. The problem was, because the NMT GUI does not have a 'search by date/age' feature, it was difficult to work out what had downloaded recently. Especially as nzbget did not have a history of jobs that could be easily inspected.

First I started trying to create hard links to new media, with names that would show me the most recent downloads first.

This was OK but still looked a bit horrible. It was difficult to maintain the list if media was deleted by the user, and was generally confusing.

Then I thought, rather than being constrained by the NMT browser, and hard links, I could just have my own html page that just list a table of recent downloads. This started as a html table of filenames, ordered by date, then I started scraping info from IMDB and displayed this in a text page. After that, I thoght, in for a penny, and added DVD covers etc and it just evolved from there, borrowing some ideas from the NMT jukeboxes around.

However the things I think set it apart from other jukeboxes are:

1. Use of scene names - most of the stuff downloaded is not for keeps. If I want to keep something I buy the DVD. In any case I donw want the hassle of renaming stuff , just so that it gets detected. So Oversight makes extra effort to search scene names , abbreviations etc.

2. Front page shows newest content - Again - the first thing I want to see when I launch oversight is any new content that has recently been downloaded. This gives the NMT a PVR 'what's new today' feel.