#sidebar TableOfContents
=Scanning==

==Full Scans==

With Version 20091123-3beta upwards, Full Scans should now only be done when:

- Oversight is installed for the first time. (in which case 'new' scan does the same thing
- Oversight has been removed and re-installed. (ditto)
- Oversight upgrade instructions suggest a full rescan - this is often to change some internal data.
- You have quite a few false matches and have just upgraded Oversight, and want to see if it fixes them.
- A scan was affected by lost internet connectivity or site unavailability. 
 
Before doing a rescan use the site checker link "{check internet databases}".
(See the FAQ for why 3 search engines are used)

==Incremental Scans==

Oversight automatically launches incremental scans in three instances:

  # On completion of a usenet download.
  # When new content is added to 'watch folder'
  # When a NMT Transmission Torrent is completed (this needs more testing)

I plan to have a rescan button against a particular item. 
First we need an edit option to change IMDB Id., fanart & poster links.
Then "save" or "save and rescan"

In the mean time you can rescan a particular item as follows: (v20091123-3 or better)

  # In the Oversight GUI, _delist_ the item to be rescanned (don't _delete_ it!!)
  # Go to the Admin Screen, and select only the paths that contain your changed items, and select 'new items only'
  # Rescan.

This method looks through all folders for files that are not in the index, so it may take 5 minutes or more.

----

For posterity, the old way of doing it (via telnet) still works, but is not needed any more:

  # log in
  # type 'cd /share/Apps/oversight'
  # type './catalog.sh /path/to/new/media/folder'
  # Or to rescan AND get new posters type './catalog.sh UPDATE_POSTERS /path/to/new/media/folder'