#sidebar TableOfContents
As things are currently in beta - if something doesnt work as expected its quite possible its is a bug. Rather than spending hours tearing your hair out, send the log files to me :)

As the software matures hopefully this will happen less often.

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

=Scan Logs=

Send these you have problems with adding or updating content.

To send scan logs:

  # (on the TV/NMT go to Setup/NMT Applications) and make sure SMB/Samba service is started.
  # Assuming you have a windows PC go to the Run dialog (Start->Run) and enter  \\192.168.x.y where 192.168.x.y is the IP address of your NMT. ( You can also put this is the address bar of Windows Explorer - it will probably NOT work with 3rd party browsers)
  # Browse to Apps\oversight\
  # Right click on the logs folder and zip it (send to Compressed Folder/Winzip/7zip/Winrar etc)
  # Email the new compressed file to me. nmt at lordy dot org period uk.
  # In the email mention one or two specific examples of the problem. Eg. The file "star trek 2009.avi" is indexed as "Star Trek Series 20 episode 9" (just an example - that shouldn't really happen ;) )
  # If you have reported the problem in the Oversight Threads on NMT forums mention your forum name/handle and the post number in the email.

If you are a super-smarty pants, you have look in the logs and have a good idea *what* is causing oversight to trip up you could even raise  [http://code.google.com/p/oversight/issues/list a new defect] and attach the logs directly. To do this, You only need to work out 'what' is causing the trouble not 'why' :) 
Eg if scanning always fails on a particular file name, then that information along with the filename and the logs is enough.

= GUI Logs =

Send these if odd things happen in the user interface using the PC browser.

Send 'gui' logs if you think files have scanned OK but you are getting odd things happen in the user interface.

To send GUI logs:

  # Open Oversight in the PC. Go to Oversight->Setup->Oversight Jukebox Settings General and set log level to '1' (NO MORE!), and save , 
  # now go back to the page that is causing problems. 
  # if using Internet Explorer or Firefox, In the browser menu,  select File->Save As-> Type: Web Page HTML Only
  # email the page to me as an attachment  nmt AT lordy dot org Dot uk.
  # If you have reported the problem in the Oversight Threads on NMT forums mention your forum name/handle and the post number in the email.


= TV Logs =

Send these if odd things happen only via the TV interface - not PC

To get the page that is sent to gaya/tv, you must
  # first edit oversight.cgi with a [http://www.networkedmediatank.com/wiki/index.php/Unix_Friendly_Text_Editor unix friendly editor], and comment out the line 'rm -f -- "$html" "$err" by putting a '#' in the first column.
  # Then load the page again on the TV screen. 
  # Now in /oversight/tmp you should have files 1234.html 1234.err - send the newest ones. (The number will change each time)
  # email the page to me as an attachment  nmt AT lordy dot org Dot uk.
  # If you have reported the problem in the Oversight Threads on NMT forums mention your forum name/handle and the post number in the email.
  # Once you have sent the logs, edit the oversight.cgi file again and remove the # added earlier, from  the line '#rm -f -- "$html" "$err"

If the issue is with the play button on the remote you will also need to send the playlist also. This is the file /tmp/playlist.htm (you will need telnet to access this) 

= Check Log =

Send this if you have scanning issues but you have no scan logs!

To send a check log :
  # Go to the standard NMT File Browser
  # Go to Apps -> oversight
  # Press the Blue button on the remote
  # Select oversight-install.html
  # Select 'Check Install'
  # Send the Apps/oversight/logs/check.log file. 